Add Sphinx documentation (#1861)
astronomer/astro-sdk: universal_transfer_operator/docs/getting-started/GETTING_STARTED.md

# Getting Started

> The Universal Transfer Operator allows data transfers between any Datasets. It copies all the data from the source Dataset to the destination Dataset. The DAG author only needs to use the Universal Transfer Operator for all transfers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Universal Transfer Operator allows data transfers between any supported source and target Datasets. It offers a consistent agnostic interface, simplifying the users' experience, so they do not need to use specific providers or operators for transfers.
```

> This ensures a consistent set of Data Providers that can read from and write to Datasets. The Universal Transfer

Reviewer 2: @sunank200 I think it would be nice if we can explain all the keywords that are specific to UTO. In this case, we can explain - `Data Providers` and `Datasets` or provide a link to a document that does.

Reviewer 2: Also, links to examples would be nice.

Reviewer 2: Can we add a link to them?

> Operator can use any Data Provider as a source or a destination. It also takes advantage of any existing fast and

Reviewer 2: Should we add this now? since the native implementation is not added as of now?

Author: Yes, I think we should as that's the intent of this operator. The current state is anyways added in operators example

Reviewer 2: Do we have this feature implemented?

Author: Added the specific note for this in concepts.rst

> Operator can use any Data Provider as a source or a destination. It also takes advantage of any existing fast and

Reviewer: If we state this now, we should probably document the steps of how a user can add a custom Data Provider and use it in the UTO.

> direct high-speed endpoints, such as Snowflake’s built-in feature to load S3 files efficiently into Snowflake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
direct high-speed endpoints, such as Snowflake’s built-in `COPY INTO` command to load S3 files efficiently into Snowflake.
```
